IDEAS FOR OUR PROJECT:

Story:
You are a penguin. You wander around a world to gather an army of more penguins to help you defeat the evil polar bear boss. Which will help penguins get back their flying? When you have gathered enough penguins, you can pick up a sword and go fight the boss. Your army will throw snowballs. 

Gameplay:
Use arrow keys to move

Style:
Cute, pixelated

Goals to have completed by each version:
MUST HAVE FEATURES (1):
x penguin must move around screen with arrows or wasd
penguin must be able to collect other penguins
Other penguins will follow lead penguin

ADD NEXT (2):
Boss fight:
shoot polar bear with snowballs
polar bear attacks with bigger snowball
polar bear has a lot of health

penguin friends auto-fire snowballs
attack power is randomly generated in a small range

multiple screens to explore in the world

If you lose, go back to the world
If you win, go to win screen
intro scene to explain Story

ADD IF THERE IS TIME (3):
health bars
enhanced stats
enhance stats by finding extra stuff in the world (base attack is lower)
polar bear has enhanced attack based on health

sounds and music
pretty graphics
Change music by biome

Walking animation

BONUS:
OP secret weapon easter egg?

Music:
Intro:
Main game: crystal caverns, magic sleigh ride
Boss: ice blizzard
credits: ice cream

Things that need sounds:
picking up a new penguin
picking up artifact
attacks


Week 2: 
Sections:
create new rooms and hook them up to the game (new section: 1 starting section, 2 others, 1 boss fight)

Boss Battle: 
new setup to add boss
setup boss's behavior
You have 3 chances to not get hit by snowball?
Main character and boss can throw snowball
Start polar bear off with 5 health

Week 3:
Add music to go with rooms
add the rest of the rooms to the map - Jane & Cierra

small penguins throw snowballs
Health/collisions in boss battle
collision sounds for snowballs
boss room rules/setup

intro/exit screens
keep small penguins from wandering off or going through walls - Jacob


Intro story:
Most people don't know the story of the penguins' plight. A long time ago, they could fly as any other bird. They ruled the skies magestically.
The polar bear king of the Arctic, King Silverclaw, envied the penguins freedom and joy. With his magic scepter, he cast a curse on all penguins, bringing them down from the skies. Ever since then, penguins have suffered the humiliation of having wings, but being unable to fly.
The truth behind plight of the penguins has gone from history to fable. For centuries, King SilverClaw has continued his reign unchallenged. 
Until one very special penguin came along. A penguin to change history. A penguin to restore penguinkind to its former glory. 
That penguin is YOU.
Go now. Gather up your army, and prepare to bring down the tyrant king.